Added marking add-ons as deprecated (#949)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/antrea.md

weight: 30
title: "Antrea Add-On"
addOn: "antrea"
isDeprecated: true
---

## Deprecation Notice

### This add-on is deprecated.

> kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on in kURL starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully deprecated after June 31st 2023.  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the deprecation date.  Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) for your CNI needs moving forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully removed after June 31st 2023.  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the removal date.  Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) add-on for your CNI needs moving forward.
```

> As of March 27, 2023, kURL no longer intends to continue to offer this add-on as part of the ongoing kURL project. This add-on is now considered deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after June 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window. Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) add-on for your CNI needs moving forward.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Antrea add-on is deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after June 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window. Please consider using the [Flannel](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/flannel) add-on for your CNI needs moving forward.
```
What about we try to make it less verbose?
Do we need the first part?

Reviewer 3: I prefer having the starting date for the deprecation. We can point to this and say to existing vendors that they had ~90 day notice to transition and make changes to their spec.
